---
layout: post
title:  Week 1 Rundown
date:   2020-05-22 15:17:52 -0400
categories:
  - Research
  - All
---
# Hittin' the Books

This week I looked through 3 papers regarding virtual FPGAs and possible vulnerabilities. Those papers are:
1. *“RAM-Jam: Remote Temperature and Voltage Fault Attack on FPGAs using Memory Collisions.”*, Alam et al.
2. *“Characterization of Long Wire Data Leakage in Deep Submicron FPGAs.”*, Provolengios et al.
3. *“Oscillator without a combinatorial loop and its threat to FPGA in data centre.”*, Sugawara et al.
Each provided helpful insight to begin my research and interesting findings that I will need to consider going forward. Here we'll explore each of the papers in detail.

# [1] Alam et al.

# [2] Provolengios et al.

# [3] Sugawara et al.

# Works Cited

[1] M. M. Alam, S. Tajik, F. Ganji, M. Tehranipoor, and D. Forte, “RAM-Jam: Remote Temperature and Voltage Fault Attack on FPGAs using Memory Collisions,” in 2019 Workshop on Fault Diagnosis and Tolerance in Cryptography (FDTC), Aug. 2019, pp. 48–55, doi: 10.1109/FDTC.2019.00015.
[2] G. Provelengios, C. Ramesh, S. B. Patil, K. Eguro, R. Tessier, and D. Holcomb, “Characterization of Long Wire Data Leakage in Deep Submicron FPGAs,” in Proceedings of the 2019 ACM/SIGDA International Symposium on Field-Programmable Gate Arrays, Seaside, CA, USA, Feb. 2019, pp. 292–297, doi: 10.1145/3289602.3293923.
[3] T. Sugawara, K. Sakiyama, S. Nashimoto, D. Suzuki, and T. Nagatsuka, “Oscillator without a combinatorial loop and its threat to FPGA in data centre,” Electronics Letters, vol. 55, no. 11, pp. 640–642, Apr. 2019, doi: 10.1049/el.2019.0163.
